In the Logistics game, you are tasked with moving packages between various locations using trucks and airplanes. Here's how you can perform different actions: 

1. To load a package onto a truck at a specific location, ensure both the package and the truck are at that location. Use the command 'load-truck package truck location' to complete this action. Remember, once loaded, the package is no longer at the location.

2. To load a package onto an airplane, make sure both the package and the airplane are at the same location. Use the command 'load-airplane package airplane location' for this action. After loading, the package is not at the location anymore.

3. To unload a package from a truck, both the truck and the package must be present at the location. Use the command 'unload-truck package truck location'. Once unloaded, the package is now at the location and not in the truck.

4. To unload a package from an airplane, ensure that both the airplane and the package are at the location. Use 'unload-airplane package airplane location'. The package will then be at the location and not in the airplane anymore.

5. To move a truck from one location to another within the same city, both locations must be in the same city, and the truck must be at the initial location. Use 'drive-truck truck location1 location2 city'. After driving, the truck will be at the new location.

6. To fly an airplane from one airport to another, the airplane should be at the departure airport initially. Use the command 'fly-airplane airplane airport1 airport2'. Once flown, the airplane will be at the destination airport.

These actions have specific conditions and restrictions that must be met to successfully move packages in the game.

;; Action Heads
load-truck        (?obj - package   ?truck - truck     ?loc - location)
load-airplane     (?obj - package   ?airplane - airplane  ?loc - airport)
unload-truck      (?obj - package   ?truck - truck     ?loc - location)
unload-airplane   (?obj - package   ?airplane - airplane  ?loc - airport)
drive-truck       (?truck - truck   ?loc-from - location  ?loc-to - location  ?city - city)
fly-airplane      (?airplane - airplane  ?loc-from - airport  ?loc-to - airport)
