In the Logistics game, your objective is to transport packages from one place to another. You have several actions at your disposal to achieve this: First, you can load a package onto a truck at a specific location using the 'load-truck' action. Similarly, you can load a package onto an airplane at a location with the 'load-airplane' action. To offload packages, you can use the 'unload-truck' action to remove a package from a truck at a location, or the 'unload-airplane' action to do the same from an airplane. Trucks can be driven between two locations within the same city using the 'drive-truck' action. For longer distances, airplanes can be flown from one airport to another using the 'fly-airplane' action. Several conditions apply to these actions: You must ensure that both the package and the vehicle (truck or airplane) are at the same location before attempting to load a package. Once loaded, the package is considered in transit and is no longer available at the original location. To unload a package, the vehicle must be present at the location and must contain the package. After unloading, the package becomes available at the location. Driving a truck from one location to another is only possible if the truck is currently at the starting location and both locations belong to the same city. Once the truck is driven, it is located at the new destination and not at the original location. Air travel restrictions dictate that an airplane can only fly from one airport to another if it is currently at the departure airport. After completing a flight, the airplane is positioned at the destination airport instead of the departure point.

;; Action Heads
load-truck        (?obj - package   ?truck - truck     ?loc - location)
load-airplane     (?obj - package   ?airplane - airplane  ?loc - airport)
unload-truck      (?obj - package   ?truck - truck     ?loc - location)
unload-airplane   (?obj - package   ?airplane - airplane  ?loc - airport)
drive-truck       (?truck - truck   ?loc-from - location  ?loc-to - location  ?city - city)
fly-airplane      (?airplane - airplane  ?loc-from - airport  ?loc-to - airport)
