In the Logistics game, your task is to move packages between different locations using trucks and airplanes. Here are the actions you can perform: 

1. You can load a package onto a truck at a specific location, ensuring both the package and truck are at that location before loading. 
2. Similarly, you can load a package onto an airplane at a location, provided that both the package and the airplane are there. 
3. If a package is already on a truck, you can unload it at the desired location, but only if both the truck and the package are present. 
4. The same unloading rule applies to packages on an airplane; unload them where both airplane and package are present. 
5. You can drive a truck from one location to another within the same city. However, the truck must be at the starting location, and after the drive, it will be at the destination. 
6. Airplanes can fly between airports. To fly, the airplane must start at the first airport, and after the flight, it will land at the second airport. 

Ensure these conditions are met for each action: 
- Loading requires the package and vehicle to be at the same location. 
- Upon loading onto a vehicle, the package is no longer at the origin location. 
- Unloading requires the package and vehicle to be together at the location. 
- Once unloaded, the package is at its new location and out of the vehicle. 
- Driving is restricted to locations within the same city while starting from the vehicle's current location. 
- Flying involves movement from one airport to another, starting from where the airplane is initially located.

;; Action Heads
load-truck        (?obj - package   ?truck - truck     ?loc - location)
load-airplane     (?obj - package   ?airplane - airplane  ?loc - airport)
unload-truck      (?obj - package   ?truck - truck     ?loc - location)
unload-airplane   (?obj - package   ?airplane - airplane  ?loc - airport)
drive-truck       (?truck - truck   ?loc-from - location  ?loc-to - location  ?city - city)
fly-airplane      (?airplane - airplane  ?loc-from - airport  ?loc-to - airport)
