In the Logistics game, your objective is to transport packages between various locations using available vehicles like trucks and airplanes. Here are the actions you can perform: You can load a package onto a truck at a specific location if both the package and truck are there, using the action 'load-truck (package onto truck at location)'. Similarly, you can load a package onto an airplane at a designated location if both the package and airplane are present, using the action 'load-airplane (package onto airplane at location)'. Once a package is loaded onto a truck or airplane, it will no longer be at the initial location. To unload a package, you must ensure the truck or airplane is at the desired location, and then execute the action 'unload-truck (package from truck at location)' for trucks or 'unload-airplane (package from airplane at location)' for airplanes. After unloading, the package will be at the new location, no longer inside the vehicle. Moving the vehicles between locations is essential. You can drive a truck between two locations within the same city by using 'drive-truck (from location1 to location2 in city)', as long as the truck starts at the first location. After driving, the truck will be at the second location, not the first. For air travel, use the action 'fly-airplane (from airport1 to airport2)' when the airplane is at the initial airport. Post-flight, the airplane lands at the second airport. Remember, driving requires both locations to be within the same city, and flying is limited to airports.

;; Action Heads
load-truck        (?obj - package   ?truck - truck     ?loc - location)
load-airplane     (?obj - package   ?airplane - airplane  ?loc - airport)
unload-truck      (?obj - package   ?truck - truck     ?loc - location)
unload-airplane   (?obj - package   ?airplane - airplane  ?loc - airport)
drive-truck       (?truck - truck   ?loc-from - location  ?loc-to - location  ?city - city)
fly-airplane      (?airplane - airplane  ?loc-from - airport  ?loc-to - airport)
