In the Logistics game, the objective is to transport packages between various locations using trucks and airplanes. To accomplish this, players can perform the following actions: 1. A package can be loaded onto a truck when both the package and the truck are present at the same location. Once loaded, the package is considered as being inside the truck and no longer available at its previous location. 2. Similarly, a package can be loaded onto an airplane if the package and the airplane are at the same location. Once loaded, the package is regarded as being in the airplane and not at the location. 3. To unload a package from a truck, the truck must be at the desired location and the package should be inside the truck. After unloading, the package is at the location and is no longer inside the truck. 4. In the same way, a package can be unloaded from an airplane. The condition is that the airplane must be at the location and the package should be inside it. Once unloaded, the package is available at the location and not in the airplane. 5. Players can drive a truck from one location to another, provided the truck is initially at the first location and both locations are within the same city. Upon driving, the truck is then located at the second location and no longer at the first one. 6. Players can also use airplanes to transport packages between airports. An airplane is allowed to fly if it is initially at the first airport. After flying, the airplane reaches the second airport and is not present at the initial one. These actions must be carried out under the given restrictions to successfully move packages to their intended destinations.

;; Action Heads
load-truck        (?obj - package   ?truck - truck     ?loc - location)
load-airplane     (?obj - package   ?airplane - airplane  ?loc - airport)
unload-truck      (?obj - package   ?truck - truck     ?loc - location)
unload-airplane   (?obj - package   ?airplane - airplane  ?loc - airport)
drive-truck       (?truck - truck   ?loc-from - location  ?loc-to - location  ?city - city)
fly-airplane      (?airplane - airplane  ?loc-from - airport  ?loc-to - airport)
