I need to move packages between locations. Here are the actions I can do

    Load an package onto a truck at a location (load-truck package truck location)
    Load an package onto an airplane at a location (load-airplane package airplane location)
    Unload an package from a truck at a location (unload-truck package truck location)
    Unload an package from an airplane at a location (unload-airplane package airplane location)
    Drive a truck from location1 to location2 in a city (drive-truck truck location1 location2 city)
    Fly an airplane from airport1 to airport2 (fly-airplane airplane airport1 airport2)
    
I have the following restrictions on my actions:
    To perform load-truck action, the following facts need to be true: o is an package, t is a truck, l is a location, the truck is at the location, the package is at the location.
    Once load-truck action is performed the following facts will be true: the package is in the truck.
    Once load-truck action is performed the following facts will be false: the package is at the location.

    To perform load-airplane action, the following facts need to be true: o is an package, a is an airplane, l is a location, the airplane is at the location, the package is at the location.
    Once load-airplane action is performed the following facts will be true: the package is in the airplane.
    Once load-airplane action is performed the following facts will be false: the package is at the location.

    To perform unload-truck action, the following facts need to be true: o is an package, t is a truck, l is a location, the truck is at the location, the package is in the truck.
    Once unload-truck action is performed the following facts will be true: the package is at the location.
    Once unload-truck action is performed the following facts will be false: the package is in the truck.

    To perform unload-airplane action, the following facts need to be true: o is an package, a is a airplane, l is a location, the airplane is at the location, the package is in the airplane.
    Once unload-airplane action is performed the following facts will be true: the package is at the location.
    Once unload-airplane action is performed the following facts will be false: the package is in the airplane.

    To perform drive-truck action, the following need to be true: t is a truck, l1 is a location, l2 is a location, c is a city, the truck is at l1, l1 is in the city, l2 is in the city.
    Once drive-truck action is performed the following facts will be true: the truck is at l2.
    Once drive-truck action is performed the following facts will be false: the truck is at l1.

    To perform fly-airplane action, the following must be true: p is an airplane, a1 is an airport, a2 is an airport, the airplane is at a1.
    Once fly-airplane is performed the following facts will be true: the airplane is at a2.
    Once fly-airplane is performed the following facts will be false: the airplane is at a1.
    

;; Action Heads
load-truck        (?obj - package   ?truck - truck     ?loc - location)
load-airplane     (?obj - package   ?airplane - airplane  ?loc - airport)
unload-truck      (?obj - package   ?truck - truck     ?loc - location)
unload-airplane   (?obj - package   ?airplane - airplane  ?loc - airport)
drive-truck       (?truck - truck   ?loc-from - location  ?loc-to - location  ?city - city)
fly-airplane      (?airplane - airplane  ?loc-from - airport  ?loc-to - airport)
